README.md, before:

# Wanna Bet

An onchain peer-to-peer betting tool. Whitepaper and development is currently in progress.

## How it works

There are two contracts:

- `Bet.sol`, which is initiated with 6 parameters:
  1. `address` The bet creator
  2. `address` A participant
  3. `address` An arbitrator (one who selects the winner)
  4. `uint256` A token amount
  5. `string` An attached message
  6. `address` The erc20 token contract with which the bet is using
- `BetFactory.sol`, which creates new Bet contracts and holds the initial state of all bets created from it.

## Features

- [ ] Contract
  - [x] Build basic functionality
  - [ ] Add acceptBet, declineBet, and settleBet functions to factory contract, given a contract address as a param
  - [x] Add time as a function parameter to `Bet.sol` (e.g. after x days, if no accept or decline, cancel bet and return tokens to bet creator)
  - [ ] Add custom errors
  - [ ] Add ability for participant to send tokens directly to the contract to accept, making it so they only need to execute one txn
  - [ ] Add getter functions for the array lengths
  - [ ] Add ability to cancel a bet (i.e. prior to participant acceptance, giving the option for the bet creator and/or the arbitrator to return the funds without selecting a winner)
- [ ] Frame
  - [ ] 'Create new' flow
    - [x] Add state
    - [x] Add bet info that builds as state is filled in from user input
    - [ ] Add validation for contract rules (e.g. creator can't be participant, etc.)
    - [x] Add tx for authorizing usdc transfer
    - [ ] Add tx for creating the bet
  - [ ] 'My bets' flow
    - [ ] Add bet view that allows the user to view their active bets in reverse chronological
  - [ ] 'Help' flow
- [ ] Farcaster Bot
  - [ ] Generate signer
  - [ ] Set up webhooks for when a bet is created, accepted, and settled
  - [ ] Set up casts for when an event is received

Commit message:

Add function for returning the total # bets created by the factory contract

README.md, after:

# Wanna Bet

An onchain peer-to-peer betting tool. Whitepaper and development is currently in progress.

## How it works

There are two contracts:

- `Bet.sol`, which is initiated with 6 parameters:
  1. `address` The bet creator
  2. `address` A participant
  3. `address` An arbitrator (one who selects the winner)
  4. `uint256` A token amount
  5. `string` An attached message
  6. `address` The erc20 token contract with which the bet is using
- `BetFactory.sol`, which creates new Bet contracts and holds the initial state of all bets created from it.

## Features

- [ ] Contract
  - [x] Build basic functionality
  - [ ] Add acceptBet, declineBet, and settleBet functions to factory contract, given a contract address as a param
  - [x] Add time as a function parameter to `Bet.sol` (e.g. after x days, if no accept or decline, cancel bet and return tokens to bet creator)
  - [ ] Add custom errors
  - [ ] Add ability for participant to send tokens directly to the contract to accept, making it so they only need to execute one txn
  - [x] Add getter function for the length of the bets array (all bets)
  - [ ] Add getter functions for the various array lengths
  - [ ] Add ability to cancel a bet (i.e. prior to participant acceptance, giving the option for the bet creator and/or the arbitrator to return the funds without selecting a winner)
- [ ] Frame
  - [ ] 'Create new' flow
    - [x] Add state
    - [x] Add bet info that builds as state is filled in from user input
    - [ ] Add validation for contract rules (e.g. creator can't be participant, etc.)
    - [x] Add tx for authorizing usdc transfer
    - [ ] Add tx for creating the bet
  - [ ] 'My bets' flow
    - [ ] Add bet view that allows the user to view their active bets in reverse chronological
  - [ ] 'Help' flow
- [ ] Farcaster Bot
  - [ ] Generate signer
  - [ ] Set up webhooks for when a bet is created, accepted, and settled
  - [ ] Set up casts for when an event is received
